Welcome back.
Now I said that arguments is a little bit dangerous to use.
Why is that.
Well because arguments looks like an array but it's not really an array.
So there are many things that you can do with the arguments keyword that might make the compiler or
the JavaScript engine less able to optimize your code because you can't really use array methods on
this.
Ken you mean look at it.
It's not really an array is it.
And with the new javascript they introduced a few little tools that we can use so that we avoid using
arguments because there are some cases where we might want to iterate or loop through arguments instead
of just accessing them regularly.
One way to go about it is to say console log and use the new Array docked from method.
And this if we give it something like arguments in here we'll create an array from whatever we give
it so if we run this you see that I get Tim and Tina in an array form so that we can now use array methods
on arguments so that's nice another way to do this is to let's have the Mary function again but this
time use default parameters again something that we got with yes 6 and here let's call this function
Mary 2 instead of using person 1 in person 2 we use the spread operator to say arcs or arguments.
I can't really use arguments because that is a reserved word in JavaScript and this time around I'm
going to call the arguments args which we're going to console log and we'll keep console log array from
the same way if I run Mary 2 in this case and I click Run I get an error because Person 1 is not defined
in our template string over here we have to access our array so let's say args the first item in our
argument and the second item in our arguments if I click Run.
There you go we now have args as an argument so with modern javascript you most likely want to avoid
arguments.
It's one of those tricky things that was initially added to javascript that caused a lot of problems
and headache.
But using the techniques that I've shown you we can actually convert that into an array like object
so that when you do those operations it'll be helpful for you.
By the way I know we went on a bit of a tangent but we are talking about this arguments object that
we get to finalize our understanding of this arguments object
remember something that we get on each execution context.
Let me ask you a question.
If I remove this Mary function and just go back to our Canada and India functions if inside of this
India function I say console log arguments.
What do you think I will get going to comment out the Canada function and just run India take a guess
because I'm going to run I get an empty arguments object we can still use the arguments object even
though it's empty even though we don't pass any parameters because on each execution context we create
a new arguments object.
All right let's learn a few more interesting characteristics of functions.
I'll see you in the next one by.